hi welcome to India Food Network I'm
Asha cut out today I want to show you a
soup called tomato vichyssoise this is a
traditional French soup with the twist
the traditional one says the vichyssoise
soup which is with the leek and potato
and this one is with the tomato if you
like to know how to do it keep watching
to make this tomato vichyssoise soup we
require 1 tablespoon of butter to medium
sized leaks to medium size onion chopped
and two to three tomatoes chopped and
two medium-sized carrots one clove of
garlic also chopped 2 cups of water 1
cup of vegetable stock and salted pepper
to taste so now that we know all the
ingredients for our soup let's begin the
cooking process here is 1 tablespoon of
butter
melt on a low heat if you don't do that
the butter is very delicate ingredient
and it will get burnt off very fast on
high heat so important point is to melt
butter on low heat when butter has
melted add garlic
and butter has melted love it to sizzle
for 30 seconds now add the onion
cook for a minute or two till they are
coated nicely with butter and slightly
translucent it's always a good idea to
saute the onion for any of the soaps
that we make because if the onions are
sorted nicely they give a lovely flavor
to your end product which is a delicious
soup now is the time I have to add the
remaining vegetables start with carrots
link
mix well once again cook for one more
minute as you notice we are adding all
the harder ingredients first because
they have to get coat it with butter and
start cooking and then add the software
ingredients a bit later which I am going
to do now that is the tomato nice and
ripe red tomatoes
cook for a minute again at this point I
would like to add salt to taste this way
when the vegetables are cooking the salt
added at this point would blend very
nicely in your dish
now is the time to add the liquid which
is two cups of water which is required
to cook the vegetables followed by one
cup of vegetable stock this vegetable
stock I have made it with one cup of hot
water in which I have immersed of one
stock cube and mix it really well so
that it's get diluted nicely and the
stock added at this point also makes
your soup very tasty and flavorful now
I'm going to allow this to come to a
nice boil and again simmer it for 5 to
10 minutes until the vegetables are
cooked
as you can see after cooking for like 10
to 12 minutes the vegetables are nice
and soft now so you remove them from
fire and allow it to cool slightly and
this soup is ready to go into the liquid
Iser
very gently you put all the vegetables
first into the liquid I so if there is
too much liquid you can take it out and
put it at the side because it's not
necessary to put all the liquid which
has come out while cooking the soup to
put in the liquidiser
now that the soup is churned nicely we
have to put it through the sieve
little by little of course
at this point if you really want a nice
and smooth so you make sure that you
have the correct sieve through which you
are going to strain your suits in the
market if you look around you get
special soup thieves they are called
only soup seeds and they are really nice
and fine which makes your soup really
nice and smooth and yet you don't have
much of the vegetables left behind
as you can see the nice and smooth
healthy soup is ready and i can give you
guarantee this is absolutely delicious
and one point i want you to note here
then this soup has got no flour no cream
no milk no white sauce it's just a pure
puree of tasty vegetables so it is
really nice and healthy we are just
going to very lightly seasoned it with
salt and pepper if you want to serve
this little fan silly maybe you want to
add a couple of spoons of cream just to
make it little rich on occasions but for
day to day this is just perfect
so here is our deliciously light tomato
vichyssoise soup traditional French
recipe best had with the nice baguette
at the side and hope you enjoyed if you
do please subscribe to India Food
Network and do remember to send us a
feedback